Fix searchbox doc (#382)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/search/reactivesearch-api/reference/index.md

| ------   | --------------------------- | -------- |
| `bool`   | `suggestion`                | false    |

### searchboxId

| Type | Optional |
|------|----------|
|  `String` |   Yes   |

**Supported Engines**
elasticsearch, solr, opensearch

> When featured suggestions are enabled, set the value of the `searchboxId` to use for fetching them.```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When featured suggestions are enabled, set the value of the `searchboxId` to use for fetching them.
```

> The `searchboxID` is required to apply the featured suggestions. A featured suggestion group is a collection of featured suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When featured suggestions are enabled, set the value of the `searchboxId` to use for fetching them.```
